[♪techno music playing♪]
[gun firing]
This is the Army Today.
With liberty and justice to brawl.
It's a place where violence is okay, the girls get dirty in the roller rink and love it.
I'm Sergeant Ashleigh Torres.
It's just the right kind of atmosphere that promotes empowerment and promotes leadership skills--
--so I think it would be perfect--a perfect relationship.
[shouting]  Get her!  Get her!
Working out, being able to go really fast on the track--
--and actually hitting people and not having to apologize for that.
Everybody here is very aggressive--some more so than others.
Just the athleticism and the fact that you can wear anything you want and nobody judges you.
There's all sorts of sizes here and there's no judgments.
Everybody has their own certain level of skill, and everybody helps everybody else--
--so it's like this big huge sisterhood that I've never, ever experienced anywhere else.
I will play this sport for the rest of my life, until my body says, "Now."
The nice part about derby is it is one of the fastest growing sports in America.
It's just a love of a sport, and it gives me that adrenaline high, that endorphin high--
--and any sport that challenges me has got to be awesome.
And this is, like I said, one of the most challenging sports I've ever played.
And it's funny because people are like, "Oh, man!  Is it like the 1970s?  Am I going to see that?"
And it's like, "No, not quite, but you're going to see a sport--
--and you're going to see people getting knocked down and shoved and pushed and hip checked and that's what it is."
Derby can almost be a little self-serving.  I love what it does for me.
But these are all my friends.  This is my second family, which is just like the Army.
[♪techno music playing♪]
That's the Army Today.
For more on this and other stories, visit the Army's homepage at army.mil.
[♪techno music playing♪]